gh-106246: Allow the use of unions as match patterns (#118644)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-05-02-20-16-12.gh-issue-118524.B4rIYi.rst

> Since Python 3.10, it was possible to use unions as the second argument to ``isinstance``. Now, PEP604 style unions types, can also be used as match patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Python 3.10, it was possible to use unions as the second argument to :func:`isinstance`. Now, :pep:`604` style unions types can also be used as match patterns.
```

Reviewer 2: Drop the last, comma.
